https://www.gunsamerica.com/termsandconditions.aspx
Terms and Conditions Buying Guns Near Me Advanced Search Browse Categories Guns Non-Guns New Today (24 Hour Guns) Guns Non-Guns Auctions Ending Soon Guns Non-Guns FFL Search Selling Start Selling Now Get Verified Selling Terms & Conditions Selling Fees News & Reviews Support Contact GunsAmerica Report a BUG Terms & Conditions Login Register Quick Register (Buyers) Full Register (Buyers and Sellers) My GunsAmerica Your Dashboard Your Account Your Contact Info Your Seller Info Your FFL Info Your Verified Address Your Credit Card Your Open Invoices Your Payment History Upgrade Your Membership Your Buying Your Open Offers Your Bidding Your Order History Your Recently Viewed Your Watchlist Your Bookmarks Your Saved Searches Your Category Subscriptions Your Favorite Sellers Your Feedback to Sellers Your Selling Create a New Ad Your Classified Ads Your Auction Ads Your Saved Drafts Your Saved Messages Your Non-Paying Buyers Your Feedback Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Upgrade Your Membership Accept Online Payments Your Messages Important and Unread Inbox Sent Logout of Your Account Dealer Services Accept Online Payments 48 Hour Guns Manage Your Inquiries Manage Your Suppliers Manage Your Manufacturers Manage Your Global Pricing Manage Your Inventory Manage 48 Hour Gun Settings Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Get Your Live Storefront Become a Dropoff Location Login Register Menu Close Menu Main Menu Buying Local Gun Search Advanced Search Browse Categories New Today Auctions Ending Soon FFL Search Selling Start Selling Selling Terms/Fees Get Verified Find/Become a Drop Off Location Accept Online Payments News & Reviews Support Account Menu Your Dashboard Your Account Your Contact Info Your Seller Info Your FFL Info Your Verified Address Your Credit Card Your Open Invoices Your Payment History Upgrade Your Membership Your Buying Your Open Offers Your Bidding Your Order History Your Recently Viewed Your Watchlist Your Bookmarks Your Saved Searches Your Category Subscriptions Your Favorite Sellers Your Feedback to Sellers Your Selling Create a New Ad Your Classified Ads Your Auction Ads Your Saved Drafts Your Saved Messages Your Non-Paying Buyers Your Feedback Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Upgrade Your Membership Your Messages Important and Unread Inbox Sent Accept Online Payments Logout of Your Account Dealer Services Accept Online Payments 48 Hour Guns Manage Your Inquiries Manage Your Suppliers Manage Your Manufacturers Manage Your Global Pricing Manage Your Inventory Manage 48 Hour Gun Settings Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Get Your Live Storefront Become a Dropoff Location Advanced Rifles Pistols Revolvers Shotguns Tactical Ammo Optics Accessories Parts Auctions Only Browse all Categories Browse by Category Rifles Pistols Revolvers Shotguns Tactical Ammo Optics Accessories Parts Auctions Only   Enter a name to save this search Go to Buying Tools to view your saved searches. GunsAmerica Terms and Conditions ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS : GunsAmerica.com Inc. ("GunsAmerica.com") welcomes you. GunsAmerica.com provides its service to you subject to the following Terms of Service ("TOS"), which may be updated by us from time to time without notice to you. You can review the most current version of the TOS at any time at: http://www.gunsamerica.com/terms.htm. In addition, when using particular GunsAmerica.com owned or operated services, you and GunsAmerica.com shall be subject to any posted guidelines or rules applicable to such services, which may be posted from time to time. All such guidelines or rules (including but not limited to our Spam Policy) are hereby incorporated by reference into the TOS. GunsAmerica.com may also offer other services that are governed by different Terms of Service. DESCRIPTION OF SERVICE : GunsAmerica.com provides users with access to a rich collection of resources, including various communications tools, forums, shopping services, search services, personalized content and branded programming through its network of properties which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter developed (the "Service"). You also understand and agree that the Service may include advertisements and that these advertisements are necessary for GunsAmerica.com to provide the Service. You also understand and agree that the Service may include certain communications from GunsAmerica.com, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the GunsAmerica.com Newsletter, and that these communications are considered part of GunsAmerica.com membership and you will not be able to opt out of receiving them. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new GunsAmerica.com properties, shall be subject to the TOS. You understand and agree that the Service is provided "AS-IS" and that GunsAmerica.com assumes no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications or personalization settings. You are responsible for obtaining access to the Service, and that access may involve third-party fees (such as Internet service provider or airtime charges). You are responsible for those fees, including those fees associated with the display or delivery of advertisements. In addition, you must provide and are responsible for all equipment necessary to access the Service. YOUR REGISTRATION OBLIGATIONS : In consideration of your use of the Service, you represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form (the "Registration Data") and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or GunsAmerica.com has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, GunsAmerica.com has the right to suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service (or any portion thereof). GunsAmerica.com is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. Please remember that the Service is designed to appeal to a broad audience. Accordingly, as the legal guardian, it is your responsibility to determine whether any of the Service areas and/or Content (as defined in Section 6 below) are appropriate for your child. GunsAmerica.com PRIVACY POLICY : Registration Data and certain other information about you is subject to our Privacy Policy. For more information, see our full privacy policy on the site. You understand that through your use of the Service you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States and/or other countries for storage, processing and use by GunsAmerica.com and its affiliates. MEMBER ACCOUNT, PASSWORD AND SECURITY : You will receive a password and account designation upon completing the Service's registration process. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify GunsAmerica.com of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. GunsAmerica.com cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section 5. MEMBER CONDUCT : You understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("Content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated. This means that you, and not GunsAmerica.com, are entirely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the Service. GunsAmerica.com does not control the Content posted via the Service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Service, you may be exposed to Content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will GunsAmerica.com be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Service. You agree to not use the Service to: Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; Harm minors in any way; Impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, a GunsAmerica.com official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted through the Service; Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("Rights") of any party; Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping) that are designated for such purpose (please read our complete Spam Policy); Upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges; Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any regulations having the force of law; Provide material support or resources (or to conceal or disguise the nature, location, source, or ownership of material support or resources) to any organization(s) designated by the United States government as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act; "Stalk" or otherwise harass another; and/or Collect or store personal data about other users in connection with the prohibited conduct and activities set forth in paragraphs a through m, above. You acknowledge that GunsAmerica.com may or may not pre-screen Content, but that GunsAmerica.com and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse, or move any Content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, GunsAmerica.com and its designees shall have the right to remove any Content that violates the TOS or is otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by GunsAmerica.com or submitted to GunsAmerica.com, including without limitation information in GunsAmerica.com forums and in all other parts of the Service. You acknowledge, consent and agree that GunsAmerica.com may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the TOS; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of GunsAmerica.com, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. You understand that the Service and software embodied within the Service may include security components that permit digital materials to be protected, and that use of these materials is subject to usage rules set by GunsAmerica.com and/or content providers who provide content to the Service. You may not attempt to override or circumvent any of the usage rules embedded into the Service. Any unauthorized reproduction, publication, further distribution or public exhibition of the materials provided on the Service, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. SPECIAL ADMONITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE : Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. CONTENT SUBMITTED OR MADE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION ON THE SERVICE : GunsAmerica.com does not claim ownership of Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the Service. However, with respect to Content you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service, you grant GunsAmerica.com the following worldwide, royalty-free and non-exclusive license(s), as applicable: *With respect to photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible area of the Service other than GunsAmerica.com Groups, the license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display such Content on the Service solely for the purpose for which such Content was submitted or made available. This license exists only for as long as you elect to continue to include such Content on the Service and will terminate at the time you remove or GunsAmerica.com removes such Content from the Service. *With respect to Content other than photos, graphics, audio or video you submit or make available for inclusion on publicly accessible areas of the Service other than GunsAmerica.com Groups, the perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable license to use, distribute, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, publicly perform and publicly display such Content (in whole or in part) and to incorporate such Content into other works in any format or medium now known or later developed. "Publicly accessible" areas of the Service are those areas of the GunsAmerica.com network of properties that are intended by GunsAmerica.com to be available to the general public. INDEMNITY : You agree to indemnify and hold GunsAmerica.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, employees, partners and licensors  harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Content you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Service, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of the TOS, or your violation of any rights of another. NO RESALE OF SERVICE : You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service (including your GunsAmerica.com ID), use of the Service, or access to the Service. GENERAL PRACTICES REGARDING USE AND STORAGE : You acknowledge that GunsAmerica.com may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum number of days that email messages, message board postings or other uploaded Content will be retained by the Service, the maximum number of email messages that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum size of any email message that may be sent from or received by an account on the Service, the maximum disk space that will be allotted on GunsAmerica.com's servers on your behalf, and the maximum number of times (and the maximum duration for which) you may access the Service in a given period of time. You agree that GunsAmerica.com has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that GunsAmerica.com reserves the right to log off accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that GunsAmerica.com reserves the right to modify these general practices and limits from time to time. MODIFICATIONS TO SERVICE : GunsAmerica.com reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that GunsAmerica.com shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service. TERMINATION : You agree that GunsAmerica.com may, under certain circumstances and without prior notice, immediately terminate your GunsAmerica.com account, any associated email address, and access to the Service. Cause for such termination shall include, but not be limited to, (a) breaches or violations of the TOS or other incorporated agreements or guidelines, (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (c) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (d) discontinuance or material modification to the Service (or any part thereof), (e) unexpected technical or security issues or problems, (f) extended periods of inactivity, (g) engagement by you in fraudulent or illegal activities, and/or (h) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the Services. Termination of your GunsAmerica.com account includes (a) removal of access to all offerings within the Service (b) deletion of your password and all related information, files and content associated with or inside your account (or any part thereof), and (c) barring of further use of the Service. Further, you agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in GunsAmerica.com's sole discretion and that GunsAmerica.com shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your account, any associated email address, or access to the Service. DEALINGS WITH ADVERTISERS : Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers found on or through the Service, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that GunsAmerica.com shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertisers on the Service. LINKS : The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because GunsAmerica.com has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that GunsAmerica.com is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any Content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that GunsAmerica.com shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource. GunsAmerica.com'S PROPRIETARY RIGHTS : You acknowledge and agree that the Service and any necessary software used in connection with the Service ("Software") contain proprietary and confidential information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other laws. You further acknowledge and agree that Content contained in sponsor advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by GunsAmerica.com or advertisers, you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Software, in whole or in part. GunsAmerica.com grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive right and license to use the object code of its Software on a single computer; provided that you do not (and do not allow any third party to) copy, modify, create a derivative work from, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Software. You agree not to modify the Software in any manner or form, nor to use modified versions of the Software, including (without limitation) for the purpose of obtaining unauthorized access to the Service. You agree not to access the Service by any means other than through the interface that is provided by GunsAmerica.com for use in accessing the Service. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES : YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: Our use of the service is at your sole risk. The service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Gunsamerica.Com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors expressly disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.  Gunsamerica.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors make no warranty that (i) the service will meet your requirements; (ii) the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free; (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable; (iv) the quality of any products, services, information or other material purchased or obtained by you through the service will meet your expectations; and (v) any errors in the software will be corrected. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the service is accessed at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from gunsamerica.Com or through or from the service shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the tos. A small percentage of users may experience epileptic seizures when exposed to certain light patterns or backgrounds on a computer screen or while using the service. Certain conditions may induce previously undetected epileptic symptoms even in users who have no history of prior seizures or epilepsy. If you, or anyone in your family, have an epileptic condition, consult your physician prior to using the service. Immediately discontinue use of the service and consult your physician if you experience any of the following symptoms while using the service: dizziness, altered vision, eye or muscle twitches, loss of awareness, disorientation, any involuntary movement, or convulsions. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY : You expressly understand and agree that gunsamerica.Com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if gunsamerica.Com has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the service; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from any goods, data, information or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the service; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the service; or (v) any other matter relating to the service. Exclusions and limitations : some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations of sections 17 and 18 may not apply to you. SPECIAL ADMONITION FOR SERVICES RELATING TO FINANCIAL MATTERS : If you intend to create or join any service, receive or request any news, messages, alerts or other information from the Service concerning companies, stock quotes, investments or securities, please read the above Sections 17 and 18 again. They go doubly for you. In addition, for this type of information particularly, the phrase "Let the investor beware" is apt. The Service is provided for informational purposes only, and no Content included in the Service is intended for trading or investing purposes. GunsAmerica.com and its licensors shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available via the Service, and shall not be responsible or liable for any trading or investment decisions based on such information. NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES : You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this TOS, there shall be no third-party beneficiaries to this agreement. NOTICE : GunsAmerica.com may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the TOS, by email, regular mail or postings on the Service. TRADEMARK INFORMATION : The GunsAmerica.com, GunsAmerica.com logo and product and service names are trademarks of GunsAmerica LLC (the "GunsAmerica.com Marks"). Without GunsAmerica.com's prior permission, you agree not to display or use in any manner the GunsAmerica.com Marks. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT : GunsAmerica.com respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. GunsAmerica.com may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, please provide GunsAmerica.com's Copyright Agent the following information: An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site; Your address, telephone number, and email address; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf. GENERAL INFORMATION : Entire Agreement. The TOS constitutes the entire agreement between you and GunsAmerica.com and governs your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and GunsAmerica.com with respect to the Service. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use or purchase certain other GunsAmerica.com services, affiliate services, third-party content or third-party software. Choice of Law and Forum. The TOS and the relationship between you and GunsAmerica.com shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You and GunsAmerica LLC agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of Florida. Waiver and Severability of Terms. The failure of GunsAmerica.com to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the TOS shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOS is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the TOS remain in full force and effect. No Right of Survivorship and Non-Transferability. You agree that your GunsAmerica.com account is non-transferable and any rights to your GunsAmerica.com ID or contents within your account terminate upon your death. Upon receipt of a copy of a death certificate, your account may be terminated and all contents therein permanently deleted. Statute of Limitations. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the TOS must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. The section titles in the TOS are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. VIOLATIONS : Please report any violations of the TOS to our Customer Care group. Buyer Links Buy Guns Order History Upgrade My Account Get Verified FFL Search Seller Links Sell Guns My Seller Details Selling Fees Selling Terms & Conditions Dealer Links Create a Website Add Your FFL Stocking Dealer Services Helpful Links Contact GunsAmerica Auctions Ending Soon Report a BUG Terms & Conditions © 1997-2014 GunsAmerica.com LLC All rights Reserved.