https://www.gunsamerica.com/Fees.htm
GunsAmerica Fees Buying Guns Near Me Advanced Search Browse Categories Guns Non-Guns New Today (24 Hour Guns) Guns Non-Guns Auctions Ending Soon Guns Non-Guns FFL Search Selling Start Selling Now Get Verified Selling Terms & Conditions Selling Fees News & Reviews Support Contact GunsAmerica Report a BUG Terms & Conditions Login Register Quick Register (Buyers) Full Register (Buyers and Sellers) My GunsAmerica Your Dashboard Your Account Your Contact Info Your Seller Info Your FFL Info Your Verified Address Your Credit Card Your Open Invoices Your Payment History Upgrade Your Membership Your Buying Your Open Offers Your Bidding Your Order History Your Recently Viewed Your Watchlist Your Bookmarks Your Saved Searches Your Category Subscriptions Your Favorite Sellers Your Feedback to Sellers Your Selling Create a New Ad Your Classified Ads Your Auction Ads Your Saved Drafts Your Saved Messages Your Non-Paying Buyers Your Feedback Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Upgrade Your Membership Accept Online Payments Your Messages Important and Unread Inbox Sent Logout of Your Account Dealer Services Accept Online Payments 48 Hour Guns Manage Your Inquiries Manage Your Suppliers Manage Your Manufacturers Manage Your Global Pricing Manage Your Inventory Manage 48 Hour Gun Settings Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Get Your Live Storefront Become a Dropoff Location Login Register Menu Close Menu Main Menu Buying Local Gun Search Advanced Search Browse Categories New Today Auctions Ending Soon FFL Search Selling Start Selling Selling Terms/Fees Get Verified Find/Become a Drop Off Location Accept Online Payments News & Reviews Support Account Menu Your Dashboard Your Account Your Contact Info Your Seller Info Your FFL Info Your Verified Address Your Credit Card Your Open Invoices Your Payment History Upgrade Your Membership Your Buying Your Open Offers Your Bidding Your Order History Your Recently Viewed Your Watchlist Your Bookmarks Your Saved Searches Your Category Subscriptions Your Favorite Sellers Your Feedback to Sellers Your Selling Create a New Ad Your Classified Ads Your Auction Ads Your Saved Drafts Your Saved Messages Your Non-Paying Buyers Your Feedback Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Upgrade Your Membership Your Messages Important and Unread Inbox Sent Accept Online Payments Logout of Your Account Dealer Services Accept Online Payments 48 Hour Guns Manage Your Inquiries Manage Your Suppliers Manage Your Manufacturers Manage Your Global Pricing Manage Your Inventory Manage 48 Hour Gun Settings Bulk Upload Inventory Bulk Photo Upload Get Your Live Storefront Become a Dropoff Location Advanced Rifles Pistols Revolvers Shotguns Tactical Ammo Optics Accessories Parts Auctions Only Browse all Categories Browse by Category Rifles Pistols Revolvers Shotguns Tactical Ammo Optics Accessories Parts Auctions Only   Enter a name to save this search Go to Buying Tools to view your saved searches. GunsAmerica Fees and Listing Policies Index Quick-Compare Fee Chart Special Features Classified Ads Auctions 48 Hour Guns Membership Fees It is the responsibility of all members, especially sellers, to familiarize themselves with the details of our fees & policies. Refer to the information below for details on our listing policies, selling fees, and membership fees. If you do not understand our fees & policies, you should not use our services until you do. If you've read the FEEs and FAQs pages carefully and still do not understand, please email Customer Service with your detailed questions. There are NO Fees payable to GunsAmerica for buyers to purchase an item from a seller. There may be membership fees for buyers & sellers, depending on your needs. Please see Memberships Fees link for more information. Seller's Quick-Compare Fee Chart (Buyers, click here for membership fees & information) IMPORTANT NOTICE: Other policies & restrictions may apply to your listings. Be SURE to review the specifics for the listing type BEFORE you list. Special Feature Fees are EXTRA, in addition to any listing or selling fees. They must be paid even if the item does not sell. They are invoiced separately from Selling Fee invoices. All fees and policies are subject to change. GUNS & FIREARMS (complete pistols, rifles, shotguns, cannons) Classified Ads & Auctions: (Listing policies & details for Classifieds & Auctions ) Listing Fee: None * ( Special Feature Fees are EXTRA) Selling Fee: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($20 minimum) Gold Seller Members 1.5% of selling price ($15 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) Trusted Seller Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) 48 Hour Guns: (Listing policies & details for 48 Hour Guns ) Listing Fee: None Selling Fee: 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) NON-GUN ITEMS (parts, ammo, clips, mags, holsters, accessories, books, services, misc., etc.) Classified Ads & Auctions: (Listing policies & details for Classifieds & Auctions ) Listing Fee: None * ( Special Feature Fees are EXTRA) Selling Fee: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($2 minimum) Gold Seller Members 2.0% of selling price ($1 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members None Trusted Seller Members None Special Feature Fees, Features, and Policies (See Examples in Screenshot) Special features are the extras you can use to pump up your listings so they get more attention. Bold Font Makes the font (text) in your item "title" bold so it looks stronger and stands out. The text will be seen this way when on search result pages. And, when someone clicks through to view your listing/ad alone, the text is no longer bold because it is no longer needed, making it easier on the eyes to read. Featured Listing Your listing/ad will be moved to the top of the category or subcategory in which it has been placed along with other featured listings (in listing number order). Keep in mind this means it will be a "featured listing" in the exact category & subcategory you put it in , not the general or top level main category. For example, if you listed a gun in the Guns / Rifles / Browning / Bolt Action / Hunting category & subcategories, that means your gun will appear at the top of the Guns / Rifles / Browning / Bolt Action / Hunting category & subcategories and NOT necessarily at the top of the Gun category, NOT at the top of the Rifles category, NOT at the top of the Browning category. The best part of this special feature (besides coming out on top) is that if someone sorts the listings in any way (price, time, etc.) your item will still be at the top with all other Featured Listings, regardless of the sort order the visitor chooses. This is a great advantage! Highlighted Listing Highlights your listing/ad summary in yellow (while listed on a page with other seller's items) to make it stand out from other listings. The listing will be seen this way when listed on the summary page (when shown on a page with other ads). When someone clicks through to view your listing/ad alone, the listing is no longer highlighted because it is no longer needed, making it easier on the eyes to read. Display My Other Listings Places a button in your listings when they come up in search results (while listed on a page with other seller's items) . The button reads: "More from this Seller". When members click on the image it takes them to a special page with all of your listings. Gold & Trusted Sellers get this feature for free; a button "GA Store" link which is a hot link to a page with just their listings. Bordered Listing Places a thick, crisp, dark red, hard line border around your thumbnail listing photo (the smaller photo shown on a page with other ads), making your photo stand out from the rest. A bordered listing combined with Highlighted Summary makes a big impact, and will no doubt catches the eye! Home Page This very special feature places your listing/ad on the GunsAmerica home page within one hour of when you post it. It will be the first (will be one of five) of all listings seen by anyone who visits the GunsAmerica's home page. Although this is a very special feature, since there are only five prime spots reserved for this feature on the home page, keep in mind you can get "knocked off" the home page at any time. Meaning, your ad may appear for anywhere from a few days, to a few weeks, or even just a few minutes. How long your listing stays on the home page depends completely on how many other sellers chose the home page feature while your listing is there. There is NO guarantee as to how long your listing will appear on the home page and there are NO refunds if you get knocked off the home page sooner than you expected. Choose the Home Page feature only if you want immediate exposure but understand there is no time guarantee and you can afford the extra fee. There is no refund for this or any other special feature. Additional Images The first photo for every listing is always free. There is a small fee for additional images, depending on your membership level and how many images you upload. Special Features Basic/Free Gold Sellers Gold PLUS Trusted Bold Text on Title $1.50 $0.75 $0.75 $0.75 Bordered Listing Box (Red Border) $1.00 FREE FREE FREE Display My Other Listings ("More from this Seller" Button) $6.00 FREE FREE FREE Feature Listing (Top of Category/Subcategory) $6.00 $2.00 $2.00 $2.00 Highlighted Ad (On Summary Page) $3.00 $1.00 $1.00 $1.00 Home Page Listing $20.00 $10.00 $10.00 $10.00 Additional Images (First image is FREE for all members) $2.00 FREE FREE FREE Classified Ad (Fees, Features, and Policies) What's a Classified Ad? A Classified ad on GunsAmerica is very much like a line ad in your local newspaper. You list (describe) what you are selling along with the price and photo(s), and potential buyers will contact you with an offer to buy or ask questions to get more information. NO Listing Fee unless you choose to pump up your listing with special features . Special Features are extra (extra photos, highlighted or bold listings, etc.). GUNS & FIREARMS (complete pistols, rifles, shotguns, cannons) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($20 minimum) Gold Seller Members 1.5% of selling price ($15 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) Trusted Seller Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) NON-GUN ITEMS (parts, ammo, clips, mags, holsters, accessories, books, services, misc., etc.) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($2 minimum) Gold Seller Members 2.0% of selling price ($1 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members None Trusted Seller Members None Special Notes and Policies about Classified Ads You pick the selling price (unlike Auctions). Setting a price means you deal with less "low-ballers" wasting your time. You can choose to sell to anyone who makes an offer you agree with. You can edit or change your Classified Ad at any time (Auctions cannot be edited in any way). You MUST have the item in stock and ready to ship immediately. You can only list one type of item per listing, no "either or" deals, price must reflect per item or per lot and it must be clear in the description. You can have more than one of the same item in a listing, but it must be the EXACT same item and made clear how many for the price. You MUST report the sale of EACH item or lot, so if you have multiples be sure to indicate this when you create the listing. Classified Ads can remain live "until sold"; until the right buyer comes along. No need to continually repost. There are NO restrictions on who can post a Classified Ad. There are no listing fees for Classified Ads, unless you choose to pump up your listing with Special Features. All Special Feature Fees are due and payable even if your item does not sell. Classified Ad listing descriptions can NOT contain any contact information or website URLs. Classified Ads use the Offers & Messaging system to insure privacy of both the buyer & seller. GunsAmerica reserves the right to delete any listing that violates policies - there will be NO REFUNDS for such deleted listings. GunsAmerica reserves the right to terminate the membership of any member that violates policies - there will be NO REFUNDS if this happens. Visit our FAQs page for a HOW TO on Viewing / Replying to Offers & Messages or if you have any questions. Becoming a member, using our services, or creating a listing means you agree to our fees, policies, and TOS. Auction Ad (Fees, Features, and Policies) What's an Auction Ad? IF YOU ARE NOT FAMILIAR WITH AUCTIONS and/or IF YOU ARE NOT FAMILIAR WITH SELLING FIREARMS WE RECOMMEND THE USE OF CLASSIFIED ADS AND E-Z ADS TO SELL YOUR ITEMS!! An Auction means that there is no pre-determined final sale price. Potential buyers will "bid" and at the end of the auction period, often right down to the last second, the highest bider will "win" the right to buy for its final price. The seller posts an auction for a predetermined time period (it cannot be ended early unless using BUY IT NOW). Members place bids during the time the auction is posted - right until the last second of the last day. At the end of the auction the highest bidder wins the right to purchase the item (of course all laws and regulations must be followed for them to actually make the purchase). If the BUY IT NOW choice was offered by the seller (optional) and a member uses it, the auction and bidding ends at that time and that member wins the right to purchase the item immediately. NO Listing Fee* unless you choose to pump up your listing with special features. Special Features are extra (extra photos, highlighted or bold listings, etc.). What's an Approved Bidder Auction? An Approved Bidder Auction is just like a regular auction, with one major difference; the seller gets to pre-qualify bidders before they can bid. This type of auction is primarily for EXPENSIVE or RARE guns because most people will not take the time to register as an approved bidder to bid on a common gun. (A check box for this listing choice will appear if you chose auctions on the "Select a Listing Type" page). All other aspects apply to an Approved Bidder Auction that applies to a regular auction. Things to keep in mind about Auction Ads Many users find auctions to be more complicated than classified ads. Many users feel accepting a "blind" bid from an unknown person in an auction creates complications when selling firearms. Auctions can not be ended early for any reason. Auctions can not be edited or changed for any reason. You must have the auction item available to sell right to the end of the auction's scheduled end date. GUNS & FIREARMS (complete pistols, rifles, shotguns, cannons) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($20 minimum) Gold Seller Members 1.5% of selling price ($15 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) Trusted Seller Members 1.0% of selling price ($10 minimum) NON-GUN ITEMS (parts, ammo, clips, mags, holsters, accessories, books, services, misc., etc.) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level Basic Members: 2.0% of selling price ($2 minimum) Gold Seller Members 2.0% of selling price ($1 minimum) Gold Seller Plus Members None Trusted Seller Members None Special Notes and Policies about Auction Ads Auctions can NOT be edited once posted (unlike E-Z Ads and Classifieds). Auctions can NOT be ended early unless you offered BUY IT NOW on the listing and a bidder uses this option. You MUST keep the item available until the end of the Auction or until the BUY IT NOW option is used by a bidder. You MUST sell to the winner if there is one, at the end of the auction or to the BUY IT NOW bidder (as long as selling to them is legal). You MUST have the item in stock and ready to ship immediately. You can only list one item or lot per Auction, no "either or" deals. You can NOT use Auctions to sell multiple items, even if they are all the same item. The winning price must pay for ALL that was listed. Basic/Free members can NOT post/list an Auction. There are no listing fees for Auctions, unless you choose to pump up your listing with Special Features. All Special Feature Fees are due and payable even if your item does not sell. Auction listing descriptions can NOT contain any contact information or website URLs. Auctions use the Offers & Messaging system to insure privacy of both the buyer & seller. GunsAmerica reserves the right to delete any listing that violates policies - there will be NO REFUNDS for such deleted listings. GunsAmerica reserves the right to terminate the membership of any member that violates policies - there will be NO REFUNDS if this happens. Visit our FAQs page for a HOW TO on Viewing / Replying to Offers & Messages and Bids, or if you have any questions. Becoming a member, using our services, or creating a listing means you agree to our fees, policies, and TOS. 48 Hour Guns (Fees, Features, and Policies) What's 48 Hour Guns and how does it work? Its impossible for every dealer to carry every model of every gun, no matter how big of a store you may have and no matter how much of a demand there may be for an item. That's where 48 Hour Guns comes in. Think of 48 Hour Guns as “special order” items. 48 Hour Guns will allow you, the seller, to offer items for sale on GunsAmerica even if you don't have that item in stock, even if you've never had it in stock and never expect to keep it in stock. The best part is you don't even have to create a listing, type text description, or upload images. You simply select which items you want to offer from a manufacturer's 48 Hour Guns list, and allow orders to come in. NO Listing Fees! Listings are pre populated with description & images by the manufacturer Special Features are not available for this listing type. Listings cannot be altered or edited in any way. Want To See How It Works, As a Buyer Would? Go to the GunsAmerica.com home page and do a search for Beretta. You'll see the buyer can refine his search by Classifieds, Auctions, or 48 Hour Guns items. Chose only the “48 Hour Guns” option to search, select an item to view from the listings that come up, and see what the buyer sees. Want To Sign Up ? To sign up for 48 Hour Guns visit the GunsAmerica Guns 48 Hour Guns page Who Can Sell Using 48 Hour Guns? To utilize 48 Hour Guns to advertise and sell items you must have a current FFL and a “brick and mortar” store. That means just having an FFL and selling firearms from your home won't cut it, sorry. You must have a real storefront. If you have an FFL and storefront you need to be on an approved FFL dealer list before you can offer any item from that manufacturer. You can find out if you qualify by clicking through to the sign up page for a manufacturer (sign up is per manufacture, not one sign up for all). You'll go through a quick application process (usually just entering your FFL number and or contact information) to find out if you qualify.* In some cases you are pre qualified just be being a GunsAmerica registered FFL Dealer, and you will see a notice saying you are in fact approved. If you qualify you can start offering manufacturer's items 48 Hour Guns immediately. You'll need to enter your GA account, go to Selling: 48 Hour Guns, and add items. You can add all items from that manufacturer, or just what you select. You will be asked some basic questions about which items you want listed as available through you, how much you want to sell an item for, your shipping costs, etc., and that's it. The manufacturer's stock photos and text description is used to advertise the item so its pretty easy to use. Before attempting to qualify, please make sure your FFL Details form is filled out completely in your GunsAmerica registration. Many sellers do not have the form completed and this can cause problems signing up for 48 Hour Guns. If you're told your FFL or contact information is not a “match” that means you do not currently qualify because you are not currently on that manufacturer's 48 Hour Guns approved stocking dealers list and/or you have not yet filled out your FFL information in full with GunsAmerica. If you are not a match you should contact us, making sure you tell us which manufacturer you did not qualify for (not a match), and we can tell you what you need to do to qualify. GUNS & FIREARMS (complete pistols, rifles, shotguns, cannons) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level Selling Fees: $10 flat fee per gun sold You must be an FFL Dealer to sell 48 Hour Guns items. (other restrictions may apply, click here for more info or to sign up) NON-GUN ITEMS (parts, ammo, clips, mags, holsters, accessories, books, services, misc., etc.) Selling Fee's: Varies with membership level 48 Hour Guns is currently not available for Non-Gun items but may be in the future. Special Notes and Policies about 48 Hour Gun Ads Orders from buyers come to you, fulfilled through your existing distributors (or if the manufacturer does not use a distributor, through the manufacturer). The way you, the seller, order items does not change. This is all about getting orders from buyers to you, for items you do not have to have in stock. Capture new customers and make more sales by offering what they want, even if you don't have that item in stock. Major manufactures (Beretta, Remington, Mossberg, Rock River Arms, etc.) with more added regularly. No GunsAmerica posting fees. Flat rate $10 GunsAmerica sale fee, no matter how much the item sells for. Must be Verified, Gold, or Trusted level member. MUST have an FFL and storefront. (make sure your FFL information is filled out completely and accurately in your GunsAmerica Account Details) GunsAmerica reserves the right to terminate the membership of any member that violates policies - there will be NO REFUNDS if this happens. Becoming a member, using our services, or creating a listing means you agree to our fees, policies, and TOS. Membership (Fees, Features, and Policies) Why Upgrade Your Membership? Trusted level sellers have their phone number posted automatically. This allows personal & immediate contact. Gold & Trusted level sellers have unlimited free photos in listings. Saving you $2 PER LISTING AND eliminates the need to email additional photos to potential buyers. Having all your photos in the listing can keep visitors from clicking away. Gold & Trusted level seller special feature fees are significantly lower. Scroll up or click here for all Special Feature Fees. Gold & Trusted level sellers do not pay for a hot link to listings. A link to listings allows buyers to go from the search results page directly to a page that lists only that seller's items. The link is displayed as "GA Store". The fee for this feature is normally $6 PER LISTING. Free for Gold & Trusted Sellers. Scroll up or click here for all Special Feature Fees. Basic information about our Memberships You do NOT have to pay to be a Basic Registered Member and purchase items. All transactions are between seller and buyer. All payments for items you purchase from a seller are payable to the seller. GunsAmerica is not involved in transactions. You do NOT have to pay GunsAmerica to buy from a seller. Basic/Free membership is all you need just to browse & buy. But you must register to become a member. Sellers have the option to restrict contact, offers, and bids on their listings to members of specific membership levels. GunsAmerica does not mandate this, it is each seller's choice. Monthly membership fees must be paid even if you do not log in or use the site. To downgrade or close your account you MUST contact Customer Service and receive an emailed confirmation of your request.   Free Verified ($1.99 Once) Gold Seller ($19.95/Mo) Gold Plus Seller ($29.95/Mo) Trusted Seller ($49.95/Mo) Listings Widget No Posting Fees Automatic Identity Verification   Free Photo Galleries     Free Nongun Ads       Link to My Store in Search's       Phone Number in Ads OK         Store Banner in Ads         50% off Ad Enhancements       Direct Email with Sellers         After Sale Fee: 2% of Sale Price w/$20 Min.       1.5% of Sale Prce w/$15 Min.         1% of Sale Price w/$10 Min.       48 Hour (Physical Store's Only) After Sale Fee: FREE 48 Hour Guns Signup N/A N/A N/A N/A 2% of Sale Price w/$20 Min.     1% of Sale Price w/$10 Min.       Additional GunsAmerica Features Credit Card Swipe Processing N/A N/A $25 $15 FREE Live Storefront Websites $50/mo $50/mo $50/mo $40/mo $40/mo Tactical Nukes N/A N/A $100/cpm $85/cpm $75/cpm Buyer Links Buy Guns Order History Upgrade My Account Get Verified FFL Search Seller Links Sell Guns My Seller Details Selling Fees Selling Terms & Conditions Dealer Links Create a Website Add Your FFL Stocking Dealer Services Helpful Links Contact GunsAmerica Auctions Ending Soon Report a BUG Terms & Conditions © 1997-2014 GunsAmerica.com LLC All rights Reserved.